Max RT is 4
material name -- rendershadow
pro_vertex castshadow.hlsl vsmain vs_3_0
castshadow.hlsl vsmain
castshadow.hlsl
MW
MLVP
pro_pixel castshadow.hlsl psmain ps_3_0
castshadow.hlsl psmain
castshadow.hlsl
MW
MLVP
material name -- test
pro_vertex test.hlsl vsmain vs_3_0
test.hlsl vsmain
test.hlsl
MW
MV
MP
MLVP
MVP
camPos
pointlight
directionlight
samp_color
samp_normal
samp_shadow
pro_pixel test.hlsl psmain ps_3_0
test.hlsl psmain
test.hlsl
MW
MV
MP
MLVP
MVP
camPos
pointlight
directionlight
samp_color
samp_normal
samp_shadow
texture 
{
tex_color-picture/bricks2.jpg-512-512-PF_A8R8G8B8-0
}
texture 
{
tex_normal-picture/bricks2_normal.jpg-512-512-PF_A8R8G8B8-0
}
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
begin apply shadow material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MW
begin bind shader program 
begin draw to shadow map
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
GameObject::_render
begin apply material
begin update vp uniform
begin update fp uniform
MLVP
MP
MV
MVP
MW
camPos
directionlight
pointlight
samp_color
tex_color
samp_normal
tex_normal
samp_shadow
tex_shadow
begin bind shader program 
begin draw
